Welcome Concord, glad you're here.
Everyone who is watching online, everyone who is on all of our campuses, we're glad you're here.
I invite you to open up your Bibles to John chapter 11, and we're going to get into the subject in just a moment of, do you believe this?
This week was our daughter's birthday, our youngest is a girl, she turned 15, and you know, some, as parents always say, men, do you believe that she's already 15 years old?
We're getting a learner's permit.
Very soon as we can get time to get over there to the Department of Driver Services.
But when she was born, we were living in New York.
Her two older brothers had been early in their birth.
So my wife pregnant two other times with our boys.
And so our first son was born a month early.
Our second son was born two weeks early.
And so our daughter, we assumed, would be born early, but no.
She took her own sweet time and she was born late.
So on her due date, my wife did not give birth, but that night we went to bed.
So about two in the morning, my wife woke me up and said, I think we need to go to the hospital.
Just having contractions.
And back in those days, this was even before texting was going on,
Email was sort of the most common way to get the word out quickly.
I mean, still obviously we use email today.
But our church family had told us, listen, we want to be praying and we want to know when you guys are going to the hospital, that kind of thing.
So email us.
And so I sat down to the computer to email.
So two in the morning, sitting down for an email.
My in-laws were there.
They were going to be there to help with the boys and get the hospital with us and those kind of things.
And so getting closer to three o'clock, my A.M., my wife came and said,
I think we need to go to the hospital now.
And I said, do I thought we had plenty of time?
Because the first time, you know, a few minutes ago, almost an hour ago, she seemed fine, but the contractions were coming more and more quickly.
We're about a 20-minute drive through the mountains there to the hospital, a very good hospital, in a small town, next town to us.
In New York, in those days, just like in Georgia now, you're not allowed to talk on your phone, you know, cell phone as you're driving.
However, we were in an emergency situation really quick.
I realized this.
On the way to the hospital, my wife's contractions were getting closer and closer, and I was really afraid I was gonna have to give birth in the car on the way to the hospital.
Trying to figure out this is gonna happen.
So I called the hospital and I said, we are on the way,
My wife's in labor, be ready."
And they're like, oh, yes, sir.
And once you get to the hospital, just come down to labor and delivery and we'll take care of it.
I'm like, no, no, you don't understand.
We may not make it to the labor and delivery room.
And so they met us at the door with a wheelchair.
Roll us right down to the labor and delivery room.
And my wife, it was 3.09 when we arrived at the hospital.
My wife pushed one time and...
There was a lot of screaming.
I mean, a lot.
It was really, really loud.
So loud that it woke up the family next door.
The poor little wife there, the mom to be, was, she was sleeping because they were getting ready the next morning to induce and she was gonna get birth to her first child.
And so she was trying to get one good night's sleep
before she was going to give birth, and she didn't know what labor was going to be.
And all of a sudden, she's awakened in the middle of the night to my wife screaming at the top of her lungs.
And after my wife screamed at one time, she turned to the nurse and said, can I get some pain medicine?
And the nurse looked at her and said, honey, it is way too late for that.
Because with our boys, the first son, not only was, it was a little crazy.
He was a month early, but when we got to the hospital with him, it took
12 hours for him to be born, you know, from all the contractions and everything with our second son.
He was two weeks early, but it took eight hours for him to be born.
And so my wife and I, we just assumed it'd be the same way.
So again, our daughter completely different.
She's a day late and now she's coming really fast.
We got there at 309.
She was born at 327.
So we only had 18 minutes to spare.
So I wasn't kidding when I said we almost had a baby in the car.
So my wife is a real woman.
She has natural childbirth, that kind of thing.
So if you ever wondered about that.
But that's our daughter.
That's how she entered into the world.
And she's an amazing young lady.
On her birthday Friday, turned 15.
She woke up early in the morning, not at 327, but still early.
And we left at the house at 530 so she could get to school at 545 to help lead worship for her FCA group that meets on Friday morning.
Fellowship of Christian Athletes.
She helps lead worship there.
And just an amazing young lady that loves the Lord.
But we're gonna get to some things that maybe connect that story to our message today about delays and things like that and some impossible stuff going on.
But I wanna talk to you just the setting of this story really quick in John chapter 11.
Because as we think about Concord, we think about the people all around us.
And we think about what is it for us to be a disciple of Jesus.
And we've talked about that we are people who worship God.
people who reach out to others with the good news of Jesus, people who grow in our own faith, and people who serve inside the church and outside.
We have to ask the question, do we really believe that Jesus can do anything?
Anything that he wants to do.
You know, you heard in the story this morning, one of the videos that we watched about Ashley and man how God has changed your life.
Do you really believe?
that Jesus continues to change lives today?
Is there any situation, any habit that Jesus can't help someone to overcome?
Is there any sin that just is a strong moment in people's lives that God can't set them free from?
Is there anybody so lost?
that they never be saved?
Is there any marriage in crisis that God can't restore?
Is there any financial trouble that God can't meet that need?
Is there any health crisis that God can't give you the grace and the strength to be your healer?
Do you really believe this?
And most importantly, do you really believe that the greatest need people have is saving faith in Jesus Christ.
Do you really believe that?
Let's look at John, chapter 11, verse 25.
Will you stand with me, please, for the reading of God's Word?
The Bible says we're gonna pick up right in the middle of the story.
Jesus said to her, I am the resurrection and the life.
The one who believes in me, even if he dies, will live.
Everyone who lives and believes in me will never die.
Do you believe this?
Let's pray together.
Our Heavenly Father, we are grateful for Your Word.
It is true.
We're grateful for Your Holy Spirit who brings us into all truth.
Jesus, You are the way, the truth, and the life.
And in this text, we see You are the resurrection and the life.
You bring the dead back to life.
You bring dead things back to life.
And Jesus, we pray that through this text this morning, this scripture, the God you would teach us about situations and about things that we look at.
And Lord Jesus, you would help us to see these truths that you want to teach us that we would not just be here's of the word, but we would do what it says.
I pray, Father, for the lost that today they'll be saved.
I pray for every believer that they would truly believe and they would trust in you.
And they would take steps of obedience in what you're calling them to do next in the situations that you lead them to.
Father, we love you.
Again, now teach us through your word.
In Jesus' name we pray, amen.
John chapter 11, Jesus is with his disciples.
And is it a place that's a little bit of ways from where Mary and Martha and Lazarus live?
Word gets to him that his friend Lazarus is sick.
Jesus in many times of the gospel, when he hears news like that, immediately begins to go.
Sometimes he goes and then he speaks words of healing on the way the person's healed.
Sometimes Jesus goes and gets there and brings healing.
Jesus in John chapter 11 does something unusual.
When he hears the news that Lazarus is sick, he just stays where he's at.
His disciples don't understand.
I mean, they think maybe it's because he's afraid if he goes too close to Jerusalem that he's going to be arrested or they're afraid of that.
It's kind of things.
They're not sure why he's staying, but he chooses to stay.
There's six things real quickly.
I want to show you in this passage because this passage says that Jesus is the resurrection in the life.
And if you believe in him, even if you physically die,
You will live, and everyone who lives and believes in him will never spiritually die.
And then he asks this question, do you believe this?
It's a huge question.
It's a question of, do you really believe the Bible?
That's the question we're asking.
Do you really believe in Jesus?
Do you really believe that truth about him?
Do you really believe this?
Because if you do, it changes everything.
Everything.
And we're gonna see six things that would change this morning.
Number one is this.
If you really believe this, it will change how you view delays.
It'll change how you view delays.
In verse 17, it says, when Jesus arrived, he found that Lazarus had already been in the tomb for days.
Remember, Jesus had heard the
News of his friend Lazarus was sick.
Jesus stayed there.
And then by the time he gets there, Lazarus has died and been in the tomb for days.
In other words, there was this delay between when Jesus heard the news and when he responded.
My question to you is, has there ever been a time when you informed God of something and then it took him a while to respond?
In other words, have there ever been a time when you prayed for something and there was a delay?
And you wondered, does God even care?
Does he hear me?
Does he know what's going on?
Jesus on this day was going to bring Lazarus back from the dead.
Spoiler alert, if you didn't know that's where we're going, that's where we're going in this story.
Jesus in this delay showed that he had something deeper to teach about himself.
The disciples already knew that he was the healer.
He had healed people many times.
They didn't know what he was about to show them on this day, about him being able to do what even the Jewish people that day would have said is impossible.
See, the number four in terms of the four days really actually matters in this story because for the Jewish mindset of that day, they believed that if you passed away and then you were put into some kind of a tomb that
They believe that your spirit sort of hung around for three days or maybe and and then you could come back to life maybe Kind of thing but after four days.
They're like no that person is dead and gone So this number four in Lazarus means that not only is dead He's very dead and there is no way that Jesus could do anything And so when he Jesus gets there he's been in the tomb four days But the delay was on purpose
So has it ever occurred to you that when you pray about something that God may delay on purpose, the delays have meaning, it will change the delays.
Maybe God is gonna show you that He is always gonna provide exactly what is needed right on time.
Did you hear that?
God is gonna provide exactly what is needed in your life
right on time.
So don't let a delay wreck your faith.
Don't let a delay cause you to question.
Continue to seek the Lord, continue to trust in Him, continue to believe in Him and in His Word, in His ways, even when there's a delay.
So if you believe, if you truly believe that Jesus is a resurrection of life and He can do the impossible, then it will change how you see delays because you will see that God's time is always perfect.
Number two, not only will it change how you view delays, number two, it will reframe your discussions.
It will reframe your discussions.
Verse 18, and following Bethany was near Jerusalem, less than two miles away, and many of the Jews had come to Mary and Martha to comfort them about their brother.
So as soon as Martha heard that Jesus was coming, she went to meet him, but Mary remained seated in the house.
Then Martha said to Jesus, Lord, if you've been here, my brother wouldn't have died.
For yet even now, I know that whatever you ask from God, God will give you.
Your brother will rise again, Jesus told her.
Martha said to him, I know that he will rise again in the resurrection at the last day.
Jesus said to her, I am the resurrection of the life, the one who believes in me even if he dies will live.
Everyone who lives and believes in me will never die.
Do you?
Martha, do you believe this?
Do you believe her?
Believe this.
Verse 27, yes Lord, she told him, I believe that you're the Messiah, the Son of God who has come into the world.
It will change your discussions.
Martha, when Jesus arrived, ran there and said basically, if you would have been here, he would not have died.
Jesus continued the conversation, says,
that he is the resurrection in the life.
And he says, before that, your brother will rise again.
Martha thinks that Jesus is just talking about the future, that he will rise again at the great resurrection.
There was a common thought in their culture at the time.
Jesus is saying, no, not only can I, as he could arise in the future, Jesus is like, I can do it today.
Here's the discussion.
This is the change in the discussion.
Some of you may believe, theoretically, that God may answer in the future.
You might even say it this way.
Yeah, my neighbor, my classmate, this person I go to college with, the person I work with, I believe they could get off drugs or they could get saved.
Maybe one day God could change their life
But what if the discussion is, what does God want to do today?
Or you may say about yourself, yeah, I believe it could happen, theoretical, but do you believe that God can do it today?
Because for some of you and all of our campuses online and in this room, some of you say, I need God to change me.
The discussion is not about
What could happen if discussion is today?
Aim for believers?
You say, yeah, I want my classmate.
I want this person to go to school with.
I want this neighbor.
I want this coworker.
I want them to get set free, to be healed, to believe in Jesus.
Do you believe it could happen today?
Because if Jesus is the resurrection of life, not only do we believe in the fact that what we said earlier, that we have a different view about delays,
But it changes our discussions.
It's not just theoretical about something that may happen.
It is God, I believe Jesus can do this today.
Because if I believe, if you believe that Jesus can save your neighbor today, and if you believe that Jesus is their only hope, it will bring motivation to you this week.
It'll change how you pray.
It'll change what you do.
It'll change how you serve.
It'll be like, I have got to invite them to church.
I need to share my story with them.
I need to serve them so that they will be drawn to Christ.
Martha's, again, conversation with Jesus.
If you had just been here, you could have done something.
Jesus is like, no, I can do something.
I can do something.
Do you believe this?
I know a lady who, she prayed for her husband for 28 years.
Remember point number one, delays?
She didn't stop believing.
And she continued to give him opportunities, her husband, to come to church services.
And it was, it took 28 years, but finally one day God saved him.
Man, she believed.
She believed, so what about you?
Will you be faithful and believe in God?
You know, I know people who are going through marriage crisis.
And man, one of the, you know, spouse, the husband of the wife, man, they wonder from God or maybe turn her back on God and turn back on his word.
Many times I've counseled the one who is, I mean, walking with the Lord is don't stop believing.
Don't stop believing.
Sometimes it feels like you have to have faith for both people.
Don't stop believing that God in his word can do the impossible.
You know, I don't know what's going on in your life.
God does.
But if you really believe that Jesus can bring a dead man back to life, and if you believe that Jesus himself brought himself back to life, it will change your discussions.
It will change your discussions because you will say God can do the impossible.
He may do it in the future, the delays, but he may do it today.
I believe that he can do it today.
It will change your discussions.
It will reframe your discussions.
Number three, now it will change how you view delays and reframe your discussions.
Number three, it will eliminate your despair.
I want you to notice that Martha is different all of a sudden.
She believes in Jesus even when she goes to talk to her sister.
Look at verse 28.
It says, having said this, she went back and called her sister Mary saying in private, the teacher is here and he's calling for you.
As soon as Mary heard this, she got up quickly and went to him.
Jesus had not yet come into the village, but was still in the place where Martha had met him.
The Jews who were with her in the house, consoling her, saw that Mary got up quickly and went out.
They followed her, supposing that she was going to the tomb to cry there.
As soon as Mary came to where Jesus was and saw him, she fell at his feet and told him, Lord,
If you had been here, my brother would not have died.
Notice the contrast between Mary and Martha.
Martha has already had a conversation with Jesus and understood that he's a Messiah, the resurrection of life, and even though the miracle hasn't yet happened, she goes to get married and says something's different.
Mary is still in despair.
Now, there's interesting, there's people who are there, these people who are the
professional mourners and whalers and they're there and we'll get to those in just a minute.
But Mary comes out and she is still in the midst of despair.
But if you are a person who knows Jesus is the resurrection of life, then when things happen in life, you will not be in despair because you will understand there's always hope because there's Jesus.
It may be difficult
but you won't despair.
Martha has already begun to make the switch in this.
Mary hasn't quite gotten there yet.
Mary, though, still refers to him as the Lord, but she says, Lord, if you had been here, my brother would not have died.
See, she's still back where Martha was just a moment ago about talking about the resurrection and about Jesus could be able to heal her.
We, through the lens of this story and through the lens of the cross, know that
In the impossible situations, we don't have to despair.
We can be a person who is like Martha going to get people and say, hey, the Lord is here and he's calling for you.
Number four is this.
Now, I will change how you view delays and reframe your discussions and eliminate your despair.
Number four, it will adjust what deeply moves you.
If you really believe that Jesus is a resurrection of life, it will adjust what deeply moves you.
It says in verse 33, when Jesus saw her crying and the Jews who had come with her crying, he was deeply moved in his spirit and he was troubled.
Where have you put him?
He asked, Lord, they told him come and see.
Now let me pause before I read the next verse.
If you're in a Wanna or you're in a Wanna leader, man, this is a great verse to know, verse 35.
It's the shortest verse in the Bible.
For those of you who think you can't memorize Scripture, I promise you you can.
You can remember these two words.
John 11, 35.
Jesus wept.
So the Jew said, verse 36, see how he loved him?
But some of them said, couldn't he who have opened the blind man's eyes also have kept this man from dying?
Look, if you
believe that Jesus is resurrection, resurrection of life, it will absolutely adjust what deeply moves you.
Now, some of you know just about college football season, right?
You're about to be deeply moved.
Some of you with anticipation about the games, I hope your team wins every game this season.
You know what, the 8 o'clock service, somebody said amen.
When I said that, they said amen.
The earlier service.
Hey, listen, I don't know which team deeply moves you.
Your team may win every game.
I hope they do.
Some people get all fired up about college football and other sports.
Some get fired up about other activities.
I don't know what it is that deeply moves you.
I actually have an aunt who I'm loving.
just who loves our family and she's a person that she has a spiritual gift of mercy, no kidding, and she can just cry at the drop of a hat.
You say, would you cry for me and she will.
I mean, you probably know somebody like that.
In Mary and Martha's day, there were people who were professional mourners, professional whalers, you know, different cultures, experienced funerals in different ways.
Are you raised about to get loud?
Some people, professional mourners, professional whalers, they go to a funeral and they, whoa!
And they just wail.
I mean, over and over and over.
And that's what was probably happening with Mary.
And I'm sorry if I scare some of you and if your pacemaker just jumped, we're good.
But Mary had these people around him and they were deeply moved.
I mean, some of them for Mary,
and Martha were actually deeply moved because they were paid to be deeply moved.
Mary and Martha were deeply moved because their brother had died.
Jesus, the Bible says though, was deeply moved.
Why was Jesus deeply moved?
I mean, he knew the miracle he was about to do.
I think there's probably two reasons that he was deeply moved.
Number one, first of all, in his humanity, Jesus wept.
I mean, it bothered him that his friend had died.
And even though he knew what he was about to do to bring him back to life, Jesus and his humanity, so the Bible tells us as believers, like when we approach a funeral, and we'll get to this a little bit more in a moment, that it's okay to grieve.
We just grieve differently, the bottom line, let's just leave it there for now, we grieve differently.
But Jesus was deeply moved, he wept in his humanity because he was a person his friend had died.
But I believe in his divinity, Jesus was deeply moved for what it says in the text, because there were people there who didn't yet believe in him.
They were skeptical.
They were saying things like, couldn't the guy who healed the blind man have also healed this guy?
They didn't yet believe that he was the resurrection in the life.
And do you recognize that there are people around the world today who don't yet believe that?
as in a trustee for the International Mission Board, our own IMB, where we send missionaries around the world.
I've spent some time in Southeast Asia.
And seeing people there who are hopeless, helpless without Christ.
And you see these people and just the way they approach life and the way they approach religion and it's hopeless.
They need Jesus.
Just like the people who are in our communities around here.
All the communities here in North Georgia of people who are unreached and lost and need Christ, Jesus, I can promise you, is deeply moved for them.
Are you deeply moved over the lostness around us?
We need to be.
We need God to grip our hearts and to say, let us be deeply moved
that people would come to know Christ, and let us be deeply moved, that people would believe everything about Jesus.
Number five is this, if you believe this, it will transform how you see physical death.
It will transform in verse 38, Jesus.
Then Jesus deeply moved again, came to the tomb.
It was a cave, and the stone was lying against it.
Remove the stony, said, Martha, the dead man's sister told him, Lord,
There was already a stench because he has been dead for four days.
Verse 39, I actually love it in the King James.
Martha, and that one says, Lord, he stinketh.
I love it.
Verse 40, Jesus said to her, did not tell you that if you believed, you would see the glory of God.
So they removed the stone.
Then Jesus raised his eyes and said, Father, I thank you that you heard me.
I know that
You always hear me, but because of the crowd standing here, I said this so that they may believe you sent me.
After he said this, he shouted with a loud voice, Lazarus, come out.
The dead man came out, bound hand and foot with linen strips and with his face wrapped in a cloth.
Jesus said to them, unwrap him or loose him and let him go.
Hey.
Jesus' miracle of raising Lazarus from the dead physically on that day is a picture of how Jesus will absolutely give you eternal life.
For those who are in Christ, when you close your eyes and sleep, this is what he says in verse 25 and 26, even if you die, you will live again.
This miracle, the miracle of Lazarus coming back from the dead, shows us that Jesus can give us eternal life.
Our life has changed when He saves us and He gives us eternal life.
And then for those who know Him as Lord and Savior, when we physically die, we open our eyes in eternity and we are alive forever and ever and ever.
That's why we view physical death differently as believers.
We, when we lose a loved one, man, we cry.
We weep like Jesus.
We grieve.
Why?
Because there's separation there.
with the Lord, but man, we miss them.
It's real.
But we don't grieve like those who have no hope.
We grieve differently.
That's what Paul writes later.
We grieve with hope.
We have hope.
Our hope is in Jesus for eternal life.
And so for those who know Jesus, if you really believe this, then you even at the graveside of someone you love so much, you are not hopeless.
You are filled with hope because of Jesus.
And when you think about your own mortality, you have confidence in Jesus for eternal life.
This is why it will change how it will transform how you see physical death.
You will see that physical death is not the end.
It's just an entrance into eternal life with Jesus forever and ever and ever.
Do you believe this?
And in number six, if you believe that Jesus is the resurrectioner in your life and resurrection of life, it will revolutionize what you see as displays of power.
Verse 45, therefore many of the Jews who came to marry and saw what he did, look, they believed in him.
That's actually pretty amazing.
We'll get that in a moment.
But some of them,
went to the Pharisees and told them what Jesus has done.
Look at verse, you've seen verse 40, 46 there, they're tattling on Jesus, they're tattling, the tattles, verse 47.
So the chief priests and the Pharisees convene the Sanhedrin and we're saying, what are we going to do since this man is doing many signs?
They recognize these signs were powerful.
Now,
I've been at different places that's some pretty powerful displays of nature.
I've been at Niagara Falls.
Niagara Falls, the water going over the falls, it roars, it's powerful.
Some of you have gone on the boat, the mate of the mist down there, and you're under the falls, and it's like, whoa!
Been in big storms with wind blowing, and hurricane kind of deals before,
And I mean, that's powerful or maybe it's something more man made, you know, like big, huge machinery, you know, maybe the trucks are moving equipment, maybe these big earth movers or maybe it's something else and you're like, wow, that's powerful.
Do you recognize the power that it took to bring Lazarus back from the dead?
He was very dead.
He stinketh.
Jesus himself was dead.
No way he was coming back to life except he brought himself back to life.
The power.
A person who is a young boy, young girl, teenager, college student or an adult who is trapped in their sin, separated from God.
The power that it takes
to change their life.
That's a display of power.
That's the revolutionized way that you see.
It will revolutionize.
It will help you to see that verse 45.
Many of the Jews believed in him.
That's powerful.
You probably know people.
You may have been one of those people that you're like too far gone.
God can never say God can save them.
So I hope if this message says anything to you,
It will help you to believe that God can save anyone, or put their trust in Him, and that we should be His vessels to go to the lost, and to say, yes, God can save you.
Or maybe it's someone that is trapped in the sin or habit.
Like we saw on the video, Ashley from Habershem Campus, who absolutely, because the drugs was trapped, God set her free.
God can set people free.
And so you today, I ask you, you may need to say as you're writing down notes, or thinking about how to apply to semester your life.
Maybe you would say, God, I believe that you can, and insert the blank there.
I believe you can change so and so.
I believe that you can change the situation that can be right in line with God's Word, and God can bring the dead back to life.
God can bring a dead marriage
back to life.
God can heal people of sickness.
God can save people from their sin.
God can rescue people from financial troubles.
God can do anything that he wants to do.
Do you believe this?
Most importantly, do you believe that God can save the lost?
Jesus wants to save people today.
He wants to save those who so desperately need Him.
Do you believe this?
Let's pray together.
Heads are bowed and eyes are closed.
God, I pray this morning.
Father, I pray for people who don't yet know you as Lord and Savior, first of all.
I pray that in the quietness of this, in the stillness of this moment that they would trust in you.
And they would turn away from their sin, believing you is the only one who could save them.
They would believe that you died from them on the cross and rose again from the dead.
And they would simply pray and say, Jesus, save me.
God, I also pray for all of us on all of our campuses and those who are watching online.
There may be impossible situations we're facing.
Or we know someone else is facing.
Help us to believe in you.
If you can bring Lazarus back from the dead, if you can raise yourself from the dead, you can resurrect whatever situations there.
You can bring healing.
You can bring salvation.
Father, you can break free of habits and addictions.
And God help us to never stop believing.
And to never stop pointing people towards you.
and help us today, Father, to resolve.
Now, whatever it is this week, your cause to do, to share that good news with others, we will do it.
And so I pray now, Father, that for those who are here, if we need to receive Christ, then in just a moment when we stand, and we all sing, I pray that people respond.
So now with heads bowed a nice close.
If that's you today, if you need to respond with salvation, you're like, today I need to give my life to Christ.
Maybe you spiritually feel like Lazarus was physically.
He was physically dead, but you're like, I was spiritually dead, but I need to be made alive.
Then when we stand in just a moment, would you come to me and one of our other pastors and leaders and say, today, I wanna give my life to Christ.
Others, if you, perhaps you say, today,
I need to make a commitment to follow the Lord in obedience through baptism very soon.
You come and let us know that.
Others, you may say, I want to be a member of Concord.
This is the kind of church I want to be part of.
A church that cares so much about people.
Serves people, grows, reaches out, worships.
This is the kind of church I want to be part of.
You come and let us know that too.
So I'm going to pray and we're going to stand if God's going to need to come.
You come responding in those ways.
Jesus, we love you.
We ask that you would have your way now during this time of response, this time of invitation.
Help us eat your response as you're calling us to.
In Jesus' name we pray, amen.
Please stand and you come.